#error
printCountries invalid.csv
printDailyMax population.csv
printRunningAvg population.csv
printCumulative
printDailyMax daily_small.csv population.csv
printRunningAvg population.csv test1.csv
printRunningAvg population.csv test2.csv
printRunningAvg population.csv test3.csv
printRunningAvg population.csv test4.csv
printRunningAvg population.csv test5.csv
printRunningAvg population.csv test6.csv
printRunningAvg population.csv test7.csv
printRunningAvg population.csv test8.csv
printRunningAvg population.csv test9.csv
printRunningAvg population.csv test10.csv
printRunningAvg population.csv test11.csv
printCumulative population.csv test1.csv
printCumulative population.csv test2.csv
printCumulative population.csv test3.csv
printCumulative population.csv test4.csv
printCumulative population.csv test5.csv
printCumulative population.csv test6.csv
printCumulative population.csv test7.csv
printCumulative population.csv test8.csv
printCumulative population.csv test9.csv
printCumulative population.csv test10
printCumulative population.csv test11.csv
printDailyMax population.csv test1.csv
printDailyMax population.csv test2.csv
printDailyMax population.csv test3.csv
printDailyMax population.csv test4.csv
printDailyMax population.csv test5.csv
printDailyMax population.csv test6.csv
printDailyMax population.csv test7.csv
printDailyMax population.csv test8.csv
printDailyMax population.csv test9.csv
printDailyMax population.csv test10.txt
printDailyMax population.csv test11.csv



#success
printCountries population.csv
printDailyMax population.csv daily_small.csv
